Add more info about caching (#615)
ml6team/fondant: docs/caching.md

## What is caching?

> Fondant supports caching of pipeline executions. If a certain component is exactly the same and the arguments
> are exactly the same as in some previous execution, then its execution can be skipped and the outputs
> dataset the a previous component can be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fondant supports caching of pipeline executions. If a certain component and its arguments
are exactly the same as in some previous execution, then its execution can be skipped and the output
dataset of the previous execution can be used instead.
```

Caching offers the following benefits:
1) **Reduced costs.** Skipping the execution of certain components can help avoid unnecessary costly computations.
2) **Faster pipeline runs.** Skipping the execution of certain components results in faster pipeline runs.
3) **Faster pipeline development.** Caching allows you develop and test your pipeline faster.
4) **Reproducibility.** Caching allows you to reproduce the results of a pipeline run by reusing
   the outputs of a previous pipeline run.

The caching feature is **enabled** by default. 

**Note:** The cached runs are tied to the base path which stores the caching key of previous component runs. 
Changing the base path will invalidate the cache of previous executed pipelines.

> ## How caching works?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How caching works
```

If there is a matching execution in the base path (checked based on the output manifests),
the outputs of that execution are used and the step computation is skipped.

Additionally, only the pipelines with the same pipeline name will share the cache. Caching for
components
with the `latest` image tag is disabled by default. This is because using `latest` image tags can
lead to unpredictable behavior due to
image updates. Moreover, if one component in the pipeline is not cached then caching will be
disabled for all
subsequent components.

> ## Disabling caching

Reviewer: Can you move this to the top? Right below

> The caching feature is **enabled** by default.

probably makes most sense.
